1. 
- Asychronous nature can lead to difficulty in tracing code when debugging because, unlike the usual programming languages which force code to execute line by line, the asychronous nature makes the order of execution less obvious. It could be messy or hard to trace if we have a lot of code.
- Loose typing can prone developers and users to errors or bugs, which cause the program to behave not in the way desired, causing confusions or inconveniences to users. For example, in the debugging example presented in this lab earlier, because of JavaScript's loose typing, instead of actually adding the numbers, a concatenation is performed, which is opposite of what is expected.
- Running on different web platforms might cause compatibility issues. It might result in a lot of tedious maintenance. 
2. The creaters of JavaScript made it loosely typed potentially in order to reduce the presence of errors and to increase its versatility. Because inputs from users can vary a lot, making JavaScript loosely typed can not only make it more versatile, but also reduce the presence of errors by giving users "some input" instead of some uninterpretable errors. They made it asynchronous potentially because to make websites faster. If a website is slow and sluggish because the program has to wait for a certain line to finish, it will result in poor user experience. Therefore, making JavaScript asynchronous can potentially increase performance and efficiency.
3. A compiled language translates code into machine code before execution by a compiler while an interpreted language translates code into machine code during execution by an interpreter in a line-by-line manner. JavaScript is an interpreted language. Potential benefits reside in its compatibility and versatility due to its ability to run on diverse platforms. It is also easier to debug in JavaScript.
4. I think the professor wants us to focus on vanilla JavaScript because he wants us to build a solid foundation for the language. Mastering vanilla JavaScript may allow us to be comfortable with the intricacies and details of it, which will benefit us in the long run as things get more complicated. Not learning a framework may result in a gap of knowledge between what is being used in the industry and what is being done at school. We may not be as prepared for the industry as possible.
5. Since JavaScript is a popular and powerful language for web development, learning how to use it through this lab allows us to make the web-app for our project more effectively and efficiently. It sufficiently provides us with the basics of JavaScript to get us started more easily.